what's up guys welcome to Monday day
1095 kids just got home from school and
Bryce had something something big news
to tell me and the only reason why I'm
pulling the camera he did want me to
pull the camera out but the only reason
I'm pulling the camera out is because I
want this marked in history which is
part of the reason why we vlog is
because we look back on this a year from
now two years from now three years from
now this was the day that Bryce got his
first kiss from a girl oh that's awesome
he's so embarrassed I don't know why
he's embarrassed that's all my name I
first kissed I was in third grade he
beat me by a year but now apparently a
girl kissed him on the cheek
tell us the story come here alright so
Bryce is a little embarrassed he's
afraid that people gonna laugh at him
because a girl kissed him but I keep
telling him it's no one's gonna laugh at
you like they're all gonna think it's
cute and adorable and like I said I
wasn't third grade when I first kiss a
girlfriend in third grade you're in
second grade you be me you're better
than me that's what I supposed to be
your son's always had you better than
you know tell me how does anybody tell
what happened she gets on the playground
just playing and she's like when I'm
teen kissed you or did you tell you she
was gonna do it how happen he knows were
able to me she's Rampton kissing cheek
yeah it's totally I was telling Bryce
it's totally natural for girls to think
you to kiss cue boys because they think
he's cute so it's a good thing did the
heat that he they think he's a cute boy
right that's that's what it means they
things it she's a cute boy so they want
to give a kiss it happens it's gonna
keep happening his entire life okay guys
so we are out of the house I have Mason
with us he's hanging out for a few hours
while his mom and dad work before what
we gotta do tonight um baseball practice
got baseball practice in which every
night don't you yeah if you're not up to
date on the vivo vlogs he he's on two
baseball teams he's on the surprise
normally like Bryce is but he's also on
a club team so he's got practice twice a
week for both teams then he's got the
game and or a tournament every week so
the kids like hardcore baseball this
might be the definitive year where he
splits and only just baseball
I don't know anyways we're here at Home
Depot cuz once again I am looking at
curtains it is getting hot hot in my
room and so I really did get some
blackout curtains and block out the heat
that window also I'm here that I look at
some fans may be some oscillating like
ones with the filters built into them
because uh my rooms will dust it - I
have to say Home Depot definitely has
the better selection and they have in my
size so now he's got to figure out which
pattern to go with and unfortunately
Tiffany's eye here with me so I may
either pick the wrong one and she
wouldn't like it or I might be waiting
for her we'll see but they do have my
size which is good and they have
blackout curtains well they did have the
ones in my size but now I gotta pick up
the curtain rod and they have some
shades and some other options available
and I feel like I need Tiffany with me
to make a decision because if I make the
wrong decision she's gonna be all up my
black going why don't you pick that even
go with that doesn't look good what were
you thinking uh so we'll come back
tomorrow with Tiffany and pick out some
curtains finally thanks for business a
fan at least they'll cool me off a
little bit well little did I know that a
fan does not come with an air purifier
an air purifier doesn't really come with
a fan so either I gotta buy two separate
units or I gotta buy a really expensive
air purifier that can blow air out
enough to actually cool off all right
because it sounds like you get it's one
of the other either buy a fan that blows
air or by air purifier that just sucks
in air and blows it out clean not at a
pace actually cools you off so we're
here at Target one last stop this
actually has a lot more options as you
can tell let's uh let's look and see if
I can find a fan it will purify air
well just like on people they have fans
and they have hair pure fighters and
these are the air purifiers and none of
them talk about air speeds and so I'm
actually show the air coming up top
which tells me that it's not a fan at
all
so looks like I said one of the other or
both getting back to the tradition of
letting the kids pick dinner and
alternating back and forth Bryce picked
lunch yesterday so serious picking
dinner tonight and she chose Chipotle ah
I can hear complaints out of me are you
or Bryce yeah that's true that's
normally a price pick very surprised as
the Sierra's going with that begin no
one's complaining as usual super busy
here at scrolling we got here just in
time
because what it looks like to eat at
your polling do that
he's got lettuce he's got corn he's got
pico de gallo salsa get some medium
under there right right
Bryce knows what's up Sierra with the
corn it's got some lettuce and trying
the chicken you're saying that digging
the chicken huh you like the smoky
flavor
I got freaking it's a it's Chipotle
Tyler did the Chipotle burning
at least you know now right electronic
they're a de carnitas so I ended up
going with this tower oscillating fan
three speeds and this is on low and
working pretty good not too noisy and it
does have a two hour timer which is kind
of cool you forget about it it's still
awake
delete huh mmm-hmm see me with your
snake and coil around you like this it's
a it's a high sleeves yeah let's get
like this there you go die you sleep
your sink okay so something I am done in
quite some time is give some shoutouts
to our most engaged audience members
been so crazy busy that I named looked
at this in probably over a month but
while we're due for so let's take a look
so top of the list most engaged user
Sara xoxo Rockstar Shaw kids MX and MTB
Randy Schneider DJ and Montoya moto
mayhem crew the chicks life what up dude
vines all day euro bah kawaii time 101
TV I see her tweets all the time and
right down the bottom tweezing in is
Alexis Smith what that means is that
these people are engaging with our
videos the most they're commenting their
liking they're sharing their favoriting
all the things that YouTube considers
engagement on me YouTube they are doing
it the most across star channel so for
that I thank you and give you a shout
out probably a good point to end the
vlog before I do um I made a decision
I'm going to buy a dirt bike when we hit
a hundred thousand subscribers so
whenever that is we hit a hundred
thousand the next day or to depend on my
my schedule and my availability I'm
gonna go buy a new dirt bike that's I'm
throwing I'm throwing it out there
hashtag clintus 100k whatever then
whatever that's what I'm gonna buy a new
dirt bike it kind
just puts me puts a line in the sand
because I've been talking about it I
still haven't really shopped around for
which I'm gonna get I'm putting on to
that this week I need to do it this week
but then whenever we hit 100k which I
think it were statistically if
everything continues to go the way it's
going it'll happen at the end of April
1st of May that sort of thing but the
sooner I hits the sooner I go buy the
dirt bike so that's up to you guys I'm
going to win it in the blog here if you
liked it you should give it a thumbs up
I in the sky one year ago two years ago
latest clintusgames there's new clintus
games video but i exported like six of
them out today so there should be one up
every day for the next five days and
then tomorrow I'm going to shoot the
unboxing video start getting those out
as well until then
you